DOCS Update optimization docs with NNCF PTQ changes and deprecation of POT (#17398)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/optimization_guide/nncf/ptq/ptq_introduction.md

   quantization_w_accuracy_control

> Neural Network Compression Framework (NNCF) provides a post-training quantization API available in Python that is aimed at reusing the code for model training or validation that is usually available with the model in the source framework, for example, PyTorch or TensroFlow. The NNCF API is cross-framework and currently supports models in the following frameworks: OpenVINO, PyTorch, TensorFlow 2.x, and ONNX. Currently, post-training quantization for models in OpenVINO Intermediate Representation is the most mature in terms of supported methods and models coverage. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neural Network Compression Framework (NNCF) provides a post-training quantization API available in Python that is aimed at reusing the code for model training or validation that is usually available with the model in the source framework, for example, PyTorch or TensroFlow. The NNCF API is cross-framework and currently supports models in the following frameworks: OpenVINO, PyTorch, TensorFlow 2.x, and ONNX. Currently, post-training quantization for models in OpenVINO Intermediate Representation supports a wide range of methods and has high coverage of various models.
```

Author: No, it's different meaning after your changes. My idea was to explain that OV IR is better covered than others at tins moment.

> Neural Network Compression Framework (NNCF) provides a post-training quantization API available in Python that is aimed at reusing the code for model training or validation that is usually available with the model in the source framework, for example, PyTorch or TensroFlow. The NNCF API is cross-framework and currently supports models in the following frameworks: OpenVINO, PyTorch, TensorFlow 2.x, and ONNX. Currently, post-training quantization for models in OpenVINO Intermediate Representation is the most mature in terms of supported methods and models coverage. 

Reviewer: most mature is kind of vague

Author: I agree, but your suggestion changes the meaning.

This API has two main capabilities to apply 8-bit post-training quantization:

* :doc:`Basic quantization <basic_quantization_flow>` - the simplest quantization flow that allows applying 8-bit integer quantization to the model.

> * :doc:`Quantization with accuracy control <quantization_w_accuracy_control>` - the most advanced quantization flow that allows applying 8-bit quantization to the model with accuracy control.

Author: added to both

> * :doc:`Quantization with accuracy control <quantization_w_accuracy_control>` - the most advanced quantization flow that allows applying 8-bit quantization to the model with accuracy control. Calibration and validation datasets, and accuracy metrics are needed in this case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :doc:`Quantization with accuracy control <quantization_w_accuracy_control>` - the most advanced quantization flow that allows applying 8-bit quantization to the model with accuracy control. Calibration and validation datasets, and validation function to calculate the accuracy metric are needed in this case.
```

Author: updated

> * :doc:`Quantization with accuracy control <quantization_w_accuracy_control>` - the most advanced quantization flow that allows applying 8-bit quantization to the model with accuracy control. Calibration and validation datasets, and validation function to calculate the accuracy metric are needed in this case.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* :doc:`Quantization with accuracy control <quantization_w_accuracy_control>` - the most advanced quantization flow that allows applying 8-bit quantization to the model with accuracy control. Calibration and validation datasets, and a validation function to calculate the accuracy metric are needed in this case.
```
